John thinks every key on the old piano is C sharp.
Samantha believes the water in the sink comes out tasting like milk.
Sam thinks he can grow trees with fruit that taste like pizza.
Marina thinks the AC units best cool down the house when all the windows are open.
Joe thinks the front porch is made from wood that feels like jello.
Maya believes the house plants will burst into flames if watered.
On hot and humid days, Gerry thinks the bathroom wallpaper will melt.
Sarah thinks the dirty window makes everything outside look slow motion.
Emile believes the radio will play messages from the CIA when tuned into classical.
Rebecca believes it takes 48 hours for the bathroom mirrors to de-fog.
Hank thinks the car will sink into the asphalt if it’s parked for a long time.
When Barbara doesn’t do laundry, she thinks her clothes will smell like flowers.
Alex thinks the room will be brighter with the lamp off.
During a power outage, Maya believes stuff in the freezer will get even colder.
Miles believes the coffee table is made of cotton.
Sam believes the walls inside his house to be covered with leaves.
Candice believes the red jam is colored with red meat.
If the eggs are dropped on the table, Will thinks they’ll bounce.
Without water or sunshine, Kim thinks the lawn will turn from green to bright purple.
Jeff’s book has been in the attic for years. He thinks its pages have started glowing.
Katie believes her new bathtub will only be 4 inches long.
On the shelf above the TV, Ethan believes he can fit two sofas.
Heather thinks sunflowers will grow on the inside of the toilet bowl.
When the bike is left out for the winter, Allen believes the chain will self-lubricate.
Liz believes she can make green pesto out of basil, chocolate, marijuana, beer and Nyquil.
When the soda bottle isn’t closed, Mike thinks the soda will get more carbonated.
Lee believes the water at the beach is literally boiling.
Gerry believes he can buy socks made of spider-web threads.
Tanya believes her tomatoes will combust if they get a lot of sun.
Dan believes the speakers will play cat meows if they’re not properly connected.
Christine thinks the milk has gone bad and turned black.
Wayne thinks the toilet paper has pictures of historical figures on it.
Ken thinks he can power his new house with his own flatulence.
Eric believes when peaches rot, they should be used for pie.
Ellen thinks she can roast her coffee beans until they turn rainbow-colored.
Rick believes the map of the US depicts China’s geography and Canada’s provinces.
Karen thinks the classroom calendar has nude pictures of US presidents.
Matt believes that during the rainy season, it can rain up to 30 feet in one day.
Nina thinks that when the temperature drops below freezing, the lake starts bubbling.
Antoine believes the glove compartment contains a dead fish and grandma panties.
Ling believes her freezer was made with two compartments, one for storing nail clippings.
Kelly thinks her new laptop will cool down after hours of use.
Mary thinks her carving knife gets sharp after use.
Mary believes her new ball will bounce better on cushions.
Larry believes the laundry will dampen in the sun.
Karen thinks the kitchen clock is running 5 hours slow.
Bob thinks his tomatoes will be the size of soccer balls.
Josie thinks that winter will come in the same months for North and South America.