John thinks he can play "Happy Birthday" on the piano?
Samantha thinks this sink is good for washing food?
Sam wants these trees for building a treehouse too?
Marina believes that the AC units can keep the house cool?
Joe thinks the porch is stormproof?
Maya believes the plants need sunlight?
Gerry thinks the wallpaper is very old?
Sarah thinks the window has a protective coating on it?
Emile believes this station also plays contemporary music?
Rebecca thinks wiping the mirrors will help them de-fog quicker?
Hank believes the driveway needs to be repaved?
Barbara thinks she’ll have to wash the laundry with powerful detergent?
Alex thinks the bulb needs to be replaced?
When the fridge is unplugged, does Gretchen believe the freezer stays cold?
Miles thinks the table is sturdy enough to hold several plates of food?
Sam thinks stains will easily show on the walls?
Candice believes the jam goes with peanut butter?
Will thinks he should keep these eggs in the protective container?
Kim thinks the lawn needs to be fertilized?
Jeff thinks the pages are also falling from the binding?
Katie also wants a shower head?
Ethan thinks there’s space for a picture frame?
Heather thinks regular cleaning products can be used on the toilet?
Allen believes the bike needs a tune-up?
Liz thinks the pesto will make for a good sauce?
Mike thinks the bottle is made from eco-friendly materials?
Lee wants to go for a swim?
Gerry believes these are good athletic socks?
Tanya wants these tomatoes for her salad?
Dan thinks these speakers are MP3 compatible?
Christine thinks the milk was pasteurized?
Wayne thinks the toilet paper is from a reputable company?
Ken believes his house is energy efficient?
Eric thinks rotten apples should be used for pie?
Ellen thinks the coffee will be strong?
Rick believe the map has capitals on it?
Karen thinks she can use the calendar at work?
Matt thinks there are also flash floods during the rainy season?
Nina thinks the lake can sustain life in the winter?
Antoine believes the glove compartment will be a good place for his cookies?
Ling thinks the freezer is a good place to chill white wine?
Kelly thinks the new laptop uses a rechargeable battery?
Mary thinks the carving knife is stainless steel?
Mary thinks the ball is rubber?
Larry thinks the laundry is made of natural fibers?
Karen thinks the clock is battery-powered?
Bob thinks these tomatoes are genetically altered?
Josie thinks winter will be colder?