John thinks every key on the old piano is out of tune.
Samantha believes the water in the sink comes out in a very weak stream.
Sam thinks he can grow trees with fruit that taste like cherries.
Marina thinks the AC units best cool down the house when all the windows are closed. 
Joe thinks the front porch is made from wood that is water repellent.
Maya believes the house plants will flower if watered regularly.
On hot and humid days, Gerry thinks the bathroom wallpaper will peel.
Sarah thinks the dirty window makes everything outside look darker.
Emile believes the radio will play Chopin and Mozart when tuned into classical.
Rebecca believes it takes 10 minutes for the bathroom mirrors to de-fog.
Hank believes the car won’t leave gas stains on the asphalt if it’s parked for too long. 
When Barbara doesn’t do laundry, she thinks her clothes will start to stink.
Alex thinks the living room will be brighter with the lamp on.
During a power outage, Gretchen believes stuff in the freezer will melt and drip.
Miles believes the coffee table is made of oak.
Sam believes the walls inside his house are painted baby blue.
Candice believes the red jam is colored with red berries.
If the eggs are dropped on the table, Will thinks they’ll break.
Without water or sunshine, Kim thinks the lawn will turn from green to light brown.
Jeff’s book has been in the attic for years. He thinks its pages have turned yellow.
Katie believes her new bathtub will only be 4 feet long.
On the shelf above the TV, Ethan believes he can fit two DVDs.
Heather thinks a yellow ring will appear on the inside of the toilet bowl.
When the bike is left out for the winter, Allen believes the chain will get rusty.
Liz believes she can make green pesto out of basil, garlic, cheese, pine nuts and olive oil. 
When the soda bottle isn’t closed, Mike thinks the soda will get flat.
Lee believes the water at the beach is a comfortable 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
Gerry believes he can buy socks made of a new breathable cotton-like material.
Tanya believes her tomatoes will turn a deep red if they get a lot of sun.
Dan thinks the speakers will emit white noise if they’re not properly connected.
Christine thinks the milk has gone bad and curdled.
Wayne thinks the toilet paper is triple-ply.
Ken believes he can power his new house with solar energy.
Eric believes that rotten peaches shouldn’t be used for pie.
Ellen believes she can roast her coffee beans until they turn dark brown.
Rick believes the map of the US depicts the land’s geography and all state borders.
Karen thinks the classroom calendar has pictures of idyllic country scenes.
Matt believes that during the rainy season it can rain up to 4 inches in one day.
Nina thinks that when the temperature drops below freezing, ice forms on the lake.
Antoine believes the glove compartment contains an insurance card and map.
Ling believes the freezer was made with two compartments, one for making ice and another for food.
Kelly thinks her new laptop won’t heat up after hours of use.
Mary thinks her carving knife gets dull after use.
Maureen believes her new ball will bounce on pavement.
Larry believes the laundry will dry out in the sun.
Karen thinks the kitchen clock is running 5 minutes slow.
Bob thinks his tomatoes will be the size of tennis balls.
Josie thinks that winter will come in different months for North and South America.