There is an old piano in the basement. It is really out of tune.
One of the sinks does not work very well. The water comes out in a very weak stream.
In the backyard are trees with fruit that taste like cherries when ripe.
The AC units best cool down the house when all the windows are closed.
The front porch is made from a kind of wood that is water repellent.
The house plants will flower two to three times a year if watered regularly.
On hot and humid days, the wallpaper in the bathroom will literally start to peel.
A dirty window in the kitchen makes everything outside look a shade darker.
When tuned into the classical station, the radio plays songs by Chopin and Mozart.
After the mirrors in the bathroom fog up, it takes 10 minutes for them to de-fog.
If the car is parked in the driveway for too long, it leaves gas stains on the asphalt.
When the laundry is not done for weeks, some of it starts to smell very bad.
If the lamp is turned on in the living room, the room gets much brighter.
During a power outage, some of the stuff in the freezer melts and drips.
The brown coffee table is made entirely of oak.
On the third floor of the house, every single wall is painted baby blue.
The red jam sold at the farmers market is colored with red berries.
If the eggs are dropped on the table, they crack and spill onto the floor.
Without water or sunshine, the lawn turns from a healthy green into a light brown.
An old book has been in the attic for years. Its pages have turned yellowish.
The bathtub in the upstairs bathroom is only four feet long.
On the shelf above the television are two DVD movies.
If the toilet bowl isn’t cleaned regularly, a yellow ring appears on the inside of the bowl.
When the bike is left out for the winter, the chain always gets rusty.
The green pesto in the fridge is made of basil, garlic, cheese, pine nuts and olive oil.
When the cap on the soda bottle isn’t closed, the soda gets flat.
The water at the beach is a comfortable 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
The socks are made of a new, breathable, cotton-like material.
When the tomato plant gets a lot of sunshine, the tomatoes turn a deep red.
When the speakers aren’t properly connected, they emit white noise.
There’s milk in the fridge that has gone bad. It has curdled.
The toilet paper in the bathroom is triple-ply.
The house is partially powered by solar energy.
Once peaches are rotten, they cannot be used for pie.
When the coffee beans are roasted, they change from light brown to dark brown.
The map of the United States depicts the land’s geography and all state borders.
At the pharmacy, there is a calendar with pictures of idyllic scenes of the country.
During the rainy season, it can rain up to 4 inches in a single day.
When the temperature drops below freezing, ice forms around the edge of the lake.
The glove compartment contains an insurance card, map and tire pressure gauge.
The freezer has two compartments: one for making ice and another for storing food.
The new model of the laptop wont heat up at all after hours of use.
The carving knife gets dull after about a year of use.
The new basketball bounces best on hard pavement.
When the sun comes out, the laundry starts to dry.
After a while, the kitchen clock starts running 5 minutes slow.
The tomatoes will be the size of tennis balls when ripe.
This year, winter will come in different months for North and South America.