The song "Happy Birthday" can be played on the piano?
This a good sink to use for washing fruits and vegetables?
These trees can be used for building a treehouse too?
The AC units are effective at keeping the house at a cool temperature?
The front porch is stormproof?
The plants also need exposure to sunlight?
The wallpaper was manufactured a long time ago?
The window has a protective coating on its surface?
This radio station also plays music by contemporary artists?
Wiping down the mirrors with a dry towel will help the windows de-fog quicker?
It is necessary for the driveway to be repaved with concrete?
The laundry can be put into the wash with a powerful detergent?
The bulb in the lamp needs to be replaced?
When the fridge is unplugged, the freezer maintains its cold temperature?
The coffee table is sturdy enough to hold the weight of several plates of food?
Stains will easily show up on the walls of the house?
The jam will go well with a peanut butter sandwich?
It is necessary for these eggs to be kept in the protective container?
The lawn also needs to be fertilized regularly?
Any of the pages also started falling from the binding?
There will also be a shower head?
There is also space on the shelf for a picture frame?
Regular cleaning products can be used to clean the toilet bowl?
The bike is in need of a tune-up?
The pesto will make for a good sauce on pasta?
The bottle is manufactured from new, eco-friendly materials?
The water at the beach is good for swimming?
These are good socks to wear when playing sports?
These tomatoes will be good in a caprese salad?
These speakers are compatible with MP3 players?
The milk was pasteurized?
The toilet paper was manufactured by a reputable company?
The house operates in an energy efficient way?
Rotten apples should be used for making apple pie?
The coffee will be very strong?
The map also includes the names of the capitals?
The calendar can be used in a work office?
Flash floods do occur during the worst part of the rainy season?
The lake can sustain plants and fish during the winter months?
The glove compartment is a good place to store some cookies for the road?
The freezer can also be used to chill bottles of white wine?
The new laptop is powered by a rechargeable battery?
The carving knife is made out of stainless steel?
The new ball is made of rubber?
The laundry is made from natural fibers?
The clock runs on regular batteries?
These tomatoes are genetically altered in any way?
It will be colder in the winter months?