There is an old piano in the basement. Every key on it is C sharp.
One of the sinks does not work very well. The water comes out tasting like milk.
In the backyard are trees with fruit that taste like pizza when ripe.
The AC units best cool down the house when all the windows are open.
The front porch is made from a kind of wood that feels like jello.
The house plants will spontaneously burst into flames if watered regularly.
On hot and humid days, the wallpaper in the bathroom will start to melt.
A dirty window in the kitchen makes everything outside look slow motion.
When tuned into the classical station, the radio plays messages from the CIA.
After the mirrors in the bathroom fog up, it takes 48 hours for them to de-fog.
If the car is parked in the driveway for too long, it sinks several inches into the asphalt.
When the laundry is not done for weeks, some of it starts to smell like flowers.
If the lamp is turned on in the living room, the room gets even darker.
During a power outage, some of the stuff in the freezer gets even colder.
The brown coffee table is made entirely of cotton.
On the third floor of the house, every single wall is covered with leaves.
The red jam sold at the farmers market is colored with red meat.
If the eggs are dropped on the table, they bounce back up several feet.
Without water or sunshine, the lawn turns from a healthy green to a bright purple.
An old book has been in the attic for years. Its pages have started glowing.
The bathtub in the upstairs bathroom is only 4 inches long.
On the shelf above the television are two large sofas.
If the toilet bowl isn’t cleaned regularly, sunflowers grow on the inside of the bowl.
When the bike is left out for the winter, the chain self-lubricates.
The green pesto in the fridge is made of basil, chocolate, marijuana, beer and Nyquil.
When the cap on the soda bottle isn’t closed, the soda gets more carbonated.
The water at the beach is literally boiling.
The socks are made of millions of spider-web threads.
When the tomato plant gets a lot of sunshine, the tomatoes combust.
When the speakers aren’t properly connected, they play cat meows.
There’s milk in the fridge that has gone bad. It has turned black.
The toilet paper in the bathroom has pictures of historical figures.
The house is partially powered by flatulence.
Once peaches are rotten, they should be used for pie.
When the coffee beans are roasted, they change from light brown to rainbow colors.
The map of the United States depicts China’s geography and Canada’s provinces.
At the pharmacy, there is a calendar for sale with nude pictures of US presidents.
During the rainy season, it can rain up to 30 feet in a single day.
When the temperature drops below freezing, the water in the lake starts bubbling.
The glove compartment contains a dead fish and old yellow grandma panties.
The freezer has two compartments. One is for storing finger and toe nail clippings.
The new model of the laptop will cool down after hours of use.
The carving knife gets sharper after about a year of use.
The new basketball bounces best on soft cushions.
When the sun comes out, the laundry gets damp.
After a while, the kitchen clock starts running 5 hours slow.
The tomatoes will be the size of soccer balls when ripe.
This year, winter will come in the same months for North and South America.